README.md, before:

# archivesspace-duke-plugins
Local plugins for customizing ArchivesSpace at Duke

Each plugin is a directory within the /plugins directory with the name of the plugin (e.g. aspace-search-identifier, lcnaf, local)

To install plugins:

   1. Stop the application
   2. Move the individual plugin directories into the archivesspace/plugins directory
   3. Overwrite the default config.rb file in archivesspace/config with this modified one
   4. Run /archivesspace/scipts/setup-database.sh
   5. Restart the application /archivesspace/archivesspace.sh

The plugins in this repo make the following changes:

- **archivesspace-delete-safety-plugin**: Modified display of Delete button in resource tree view to distinguish between deleting entire resource and archival object.  Plugin courtesy of Trevor Thorton (NCSU): https://github.com/trevorthornton/archivesspace-delete-safety-plugin
- **aspace-search-identifier**: Adds Identifier column to search result and browse screens
- **aspace-public-formats**: Exposes EAD, MARCXML, PDF, etc. through public interface.  Links available in sidebar.
- **duke-advanced-search**: Adds advanced search fields to index (including user-defined fields) and to drop-downs: Four-part-ID, Primary Collector, etc.
- **duke-ead-exporter**: customizes EAD exporter to supply dao/@xlink:role attribue in EAD based on value of File Version Use Statement (e.g. image-service, audio-streaming, etc.)
- **duke-export-option-defaults**: changes default options for exporting EAD in staff interface drop-down menu (include_unpublished=false, include_daos=true, numbered_cs=true)
- **user_defined_in_basic**: adds selected user_defined fields for accession records to the Basic Informaiton Tab of the accession record form and removes the user-defined fields section entirely. Requires modification of config.rb and /plugins/local/frontend/locales/en.yml.  See: https://github.com/hudmol/user_defined_in_basic
- **local**:
     - Adds branding (RL icon, welcome messages, etc)
     - Adds fields to advanced search drop-down (search_definitions.rb)
     - Changes labels and tooltips for user-defined fields and some collection management fields
     - Moves accession date facet to top (search_result_data.rb)
     - Adds translations for user defined list values
     - Relaxes date constraint from YYYY-MM-DD to YYYY. See: https://gist.github.com/cfitz/87ec5cfa2bcd5f347949
     - backend/model/solr.rb - changes default facet sort to alpha order instead of hit count order
     - changes default sort to 'modified descending' for resources and accessions: /local/frontend/controllers
- **config.rb**:
      - Changes default number of search results from 10 to 50
      - Activates plugins (line 127)
      - Specifies public-format links for various serializations (EAD, MARCXML, etc.)

Commit message:

duke-marc-exporter initial commit
modifies marcxml exports based on local practices

README.md, after:

# archivesspace-duke-plugins
Local plugins for customizing ArchivesSpace at Duke

Each plugin is a directory within the /plugins directory with the name of the plugin (e.g. aspace-search-identifier, lcnaf, local)

To install plugins:

   1. Stop the application
   2. Move the individual plugin directories into the archivesspace/plugins directory
   3. Overwrite the default config.rb file in archivesspace/config with this modified one
   4. Run /archivesspace/scipts/setup-database.sh
   5. Restart the application /archivesspace/archivesspace.sh

The plugins in this repo make the following changes:

- **archivesspace-delete-safety-plugin**: Modified display of Delete button in resource tree view to distinguish between deleting entire resource and archival object.  Plugin courtesy of Trevor Thorton (NCSU): https://github.com/trevorthornton/archivesspace-delete-safety-plugin
- **aspace-search-identifier**: Adds Identifier column to search result and browse screens
- **aspace-public-formats**: Exposes EAD, MARCXML, PDF, etc. through public interface.  Links available in sidebar.
- **duke-advanced-search**: Adds advanced search fields to index (including user-defined fields) and to drop-downs: Four-part-ID, Primary Collector, etc.
- **duke-ead-exporter**: customizes EAD exporter to supply dao/@xlink:role attribue in EAD based on value of File Version Use Statement (e.g. image-service, audio-streaming, etc.)
- **duke-marc-exporter**: customizes MARCXML exports to conform to local best practices at Duke. MARCXML records can be imported in OCLC Connexion, validated and further modified (control headings, adjust fixed fields, ect.). Some notes on modifications: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OcnmC-QJIlIv3uN--wr8we50EAxM_566xpj7Vd1wr2w/edit?usp=sharing
- **duke-export-option-defaults**: changes default options for exporting EAD in staff interface drop-down menu (include_unpublished=false, include_daos=true, numbered_cs=true)
- **user_defined_in_basic**: adds selected user_defined fields for accession records to the Basic Informaiton Tab of the accession record form and removes the user-defined fields section entirely. Requires modification of config.rb and /plugins/local/frontend/locales/en.yml.  See: https://github.com/hudmol/user_defined_in_basic
- **local**:
     - Adds branding (RL icon, welcome messages, etc)
     - Adds fields to advanced search drop-down (search_definitions.rb)
     - Changes labels and tooltips for user-defined fields and some collection management fields
     - Moves accession date facet to top (search_result_data.rb)
     - Adds translations for user defined list values
     - Relaxes date constraint from YYYY-MM-DD to YYYY. See: https://gist.github.com/cfitz/87ec5cfa2bcd5f347949
     - backend/model/solr.rb - changes default facet sort to alpha order instead of hit count order
     - changes default sort to 'modified descending' for resources and accessions: /local/frontend/controllers
- **config.rb**:
      - Changes default number of search results from 10 to 50
      - Activates plugins (line 127)
      - Specifies public-format links for various serializations (EAD, MARCXML, etc.)
